Let's take a look at the main event here.
The other ones we'll see as well.
You can guess what apply, middleware does.
We need some action creators before we can
bind some action creators, so on so forth.
What we'll do at this point
is what if we went ahead and
let's go ahead and make a store.
So I'll go ahead and
I will say const store = createStore.
And I will just warn you right
now this isn't gonna go well.
Luckily for us,
if you look over on the right,
the answer there is pretty good, right?
Or at least the error
message is pretty good,
which is expected the reducer
to be a function, right?
And so we can kinda see in here,
we hit createStore.
We can go ahead and we can see that it's
expecting a reducer as the first argument.
It'll also take some
other arguments as well.
It's pretty flexible with what it takes.
There's only one real requirement
that it takes a reducer.
Now, I had some questions
about use of reducer before.
So can anyone give me the kind of
high level of what a reducer is?
>> Stuff gets in something comes out.
>> All right, I think that's
actually wildly good to work with.
So pure function,
stuff comes in, stuff comes out.
Actually, that works really great.
Really two things go in and
one thing comes out.
And so while reducers seem like,
okay, we gave something a fancy name,
that doesn't necessarily
mean that it is complicated.
The kinda high level of what a reducer
does is a function where two things go in,
the state of the world.
So a JavaScript object that represent
everything that's happening in
your application, right?
All the kind of important stuff,
whether or not a modal is open or close,
maybe not.
But any kind of the actual model state
of your application is in one giant
JavaScript object.
And then occasionally, things happen.
Users click buttons, network requests
come back, different things go on.
They change routes within the application,
so on and so forth.
Things happen, so you take the state of
the world, which is a JavaScript object.
You take a thing that happened,
which is a JavaScript object.
And they both go in there together.
And only one thing comes out,
a new state of the world, right?
So if you take everything that's
happening, and then you add whatever
new event just went down, how does that
affect the state of our application?
Sometimes the answer is not at all, right?
We'll see a new to-do
coming on the to-do list
doesn't change the current user, okay?
So then we return the same user,
so on and so forth.
But generally speaking,
there are different things that happen
as events happen in an application.
We wanna figure out what
that actually means.
So all these is a function
that takes two arguments.
It will take state and action, and
it will spit out a new state, all right?
And it's just a plain
old JavaScript function.
So let's go back to kind
of our code example before,
and we could make one in line.
But we could also theoretically just
make the world's simplest reducer.
And by the world's simplest, I mean
a reducer that kinda barely does anything.
So we'll say a reducer,
and like I said before,
it takes the state of the world
as the first argument.
And we'll come up with some initial
state that we'll use in a second.
So we'll say initialState = ,
and it'll take some action.
And all it's gonna do immediately is
going to return that state back out.
Which what we're basically saying here is,
okay, no matter what happens,
nothing changes, which is a little
pessimistic, but it's fine.
We'll improve upon that.
We'll make some change in
the world in a little bit.
So this is a reducer, and
if we clear out the sidebar over here,
which has been reloading for
me a bunch of times.
I can even console log the store.
And you see we're not getting that
error anymore cuz we gave it a reducer.
Now, it itself has four
different methods as well.
And we'll kind of talk about
some of those in a second.
Does anyone wanna take a wild guess
of what replace reducer does?
>> I'm gonna take a wild guess and
say that it replaces the current reducer.
[LAUGH]
>> Tell him what he's won.
[LAUGH] Yeah, all it does is
that function you passed in,
replace reducer takes one argument, which
is a new reducer and it swaps it out.
Why would you ever wanna do this?
We're gonna see, yeah.
>> Is it used for code splitting?
>> Exactly, exactly,
it's used for code splitting.
Later on, we saw that one of the helpers
that we didn't pull in here just yet
was combined reducers, right?
Cuz you can imagine a world where
having one function that controls all
the updates to, say, your applications
is not gonna scale, right?
So combined reducers allows you to kinda
split it out into smaller reducers that
it then combines.
We'll see it in a little bit.
But you can see a world where you might
have only the initial reducers that you
need, that you combined into
what you give to redux.
And then later on, as they load in
more code through code splitting,
you would just simply swap out the reducer
with one that has the additional
reducers combined into it, right?
So all it does is it takes one reducer and
swaps it out for another one.
So now we're even 25% of
the way through the store, and
we'll see some of these in practice.
But let's go for a bonus round real quick,
which is what do we think getState does?
>> You get the state?
>> Yeah, you get the state, right?
You have a store, it holds the entire
state in your application.
Occasionally, you're going to need it
to determine what should be passed to
components, right?
So we'll take a look at
some of that as well.
We need to talk a little bit
about what an action is, right?
Because one of the things that makes
this whole reducer pattern a little bit
different is it's not just like we
call methods on the store object and
it changes stuff, right?
We saw in the reducer, the state of
the world goes in, the action goes in.
Well, how do we tell the store, hey,
here's an action, go into the reducer and
figure out what you should do about it,
right?
That's gonna be that dispatch function.
So let's go ahead and
we'll just make a action real quick.
I will actually call this one,
just for our own clarity,
we'll call it incrementAction, and,
Great, this is all that you need for
an action.
There's only one requirement for actions.
That one requirement
is that it has a type.
Because if you're gonna say
that something happened and
you're gonna ask the reducer
to see if the world changed.
It's only polite to tell a redux
what type of thing just happened,
rather than be like,
yeah, something happened.
That's not particularly fun.
So the only requirement
is that there is a type.
Now, after that, it is up to you what you
wanna put on the rest of that object.
However, you can imagine a world
where if everyone on your team does
whatever you want and
puts whatever on an object,
you will all slowly learn
to hate each other, right?
So there are a bunch of
ways to handle this.
The pattern that we use at Twilio is
what's called flux standard actions.
Its redux is based on flux.
The history lesson is not important.
But it's basically just an agreed upon
set of properties to put on an action.
Again, but only if you need them.
The only thing that redux
requires is that you have a type.
The other things that you
might see is a payload.
And a payload can be an object or
could be, like in this case,
we're gonna increment by 5 every time,
the payload could be 5.
But if there's more than
one thing that you need,
you can use a JavaScript object as well.
So it can be a JavaScript
object with many properties.
So if you're just saying, okay,
I wanna add this to-do to that user,
you're probably gonna need to tell
the reducer what to-do and what user.
But if it's just increment, you can say 5.
The other one is meta, which is just kind
of any other information about the action.
And then there could be possibly an error
property if there was some kind of error
that you need to know about, right?
For the majority of this workshop, we're
gonna worry about type and payload, right?
Those are the two things that
we predominantly care about and
we'll use as this goes along.
Right now we're only gonna
stick with the type.